[screaming]
Damn it!
Wait--
[grunting]
Who the hell was that guy?
-[Barnaby] This is your fault.
-Huh?
None of this would have happened if you
hadn't gotten in my way back there.
I was this close to
uncovering the Ouroboros.
-Hey, just calm down!
-I can't calm down!
Those bastards murdered
my parents!
[gasping]
[theme music]
[Tiger] Listen, Bunny.
I understand this is personal for you,
but you lost control.
And a suspect in our custody got killed
because of it. You know that, right?
Will ya fill us in? Why did you lose it on
that perp in the first place?
And what the hell
is this Ouroboros?
If you don't talk, we can't help you!
Come on,
we’ve got no idea what's goin' on!
I don't know
either, okay?
I think Ouroboros is the crime syndicate
that murdered my parents.
[gasping]
And that perp had their
symbol tattooed on his neck.
Tattoo?
Does that mean the bomber
creep was a member of Ouroboros?
I'll never know,
thanks to that NEXT.
Who was he? And how'd he just show up
outta nowhere like that?
Well, judging from that
insane power of his,
I bet he's the one we're looking for.
-Hm?
-The one behind those killings.
Hold on, you're saying that whack job
with the bombs was innocent?
It's hard to believe, but there really is
a NEXT with more fire-power than me--wha--
Wait, what's he up to? Tell us what
you know so we can help take him down.
Just leave me alone.
I don't want anyone's help on this one.
[Barnaby] Those bastards murdered
my parents!
[grunting]
-[Fire Emblem] Oh, forgive me, honey!
-Hm?
For keeping you waiting.
[Tiger] So, uh, did you find
out anything?
[Fire Emblem] Handsome's back-story
is quite the tragedy.
It's no wonder he let
his passions get the best of him.
The one person who could've identified his
parents' killer
was torched in front of him.
You're saying the witness
was killed by---
Ouroboros.
Wait a sec, what does that have to do
with that NEXT with the blue fireballs?
Is that guy a member
of Ouroboros, too?
Well, you know what they say...
Loose lips, sink ships.
Sink ships... hmm...
Like a boat?
Get a clue, dear. Use that brain of yours
and think about the fire victims.
What do they all have
in common, hmm?
They were all known criminals!
Bingo! If Ouroboros is
a big crime syndicate,
the NEXT could be plugging
leaks in the organization!
Get off me! Hold up, so everyone he killed
was a member of Ouroboros?
Maybe. Finding that tattoo on their bodies
would prove it,
but they're burnt to a crisp.
And Bunny. Have you
told him this yet?
He's a hard man to
get in touch with.
[Lloyds] Oh this is great. Now Barnaby's
not answering my calls anymore.
This is so unlike that boy.
Barnaby has been nothing
but a model employee up until now.
Why should I care
if he isn't feeling up to it?
I'm running a business, not a charity.
[Fire Emblem] I'm worried
about him.
Handsome lost his parents
when he was only four years old.
Can you imagine how horrible it's been to
carry that kind of pain his entire life?
Well, you know everybody's
got something they have to live with.
I didn't peg you as
the heartless type.
[Tiger] It's not like that.
I'm just sayin' this might be part of
Bunny's past he doesn't want us to touch.
[Lloyds] I mean honestly!
How dare he pull this disappearing act
right before a big performance!
Hey, take it easy!
It's no big deal!
Every big star's gonna
act like a diva every once in a while.
When I was a young buck I'd pull
shenanigans like this all the time.
I'm sure you did,
but you were never as big a star as him.
What? I was huge!
You know, sometimes I wonder
what planet you live on.
Gotta love me!
[sighing]
Uh, that being said...
Couldn't you have found
a better understudy than this guy?
[trembling]
I had no choice. He was
the only one who was available.
Yeah, but that poor
kid's gonna get killed out there!
This better be important.
I'm sick of these last minute calls.
[screaming]
Hold it! Let the girl
go, or else we'll--
[Blue Rose]
Oh, good. You're wearing black!
Then you won't have
to change, for your funeral!
Huh?
[panicking]
[growling]
Ow!
Let's do this!
Filthy pig!
You can open up your eyes.
You're safe now, sweetie.
You got some nerve.
Who the hell are you freaks anyway?
Heh. Who, us?
We're the heroes--
We are the heroes of
this city! That's who!
The name's Blue Rose. Remember it.
When trash like you comes around,
my friends and I take
out the garbage.
Uh, yeah, what she said!
My ice is a little
bit cold...
-Go on...
-Huh?
B-But your crime has been
put completely put on hold!
[cheering]
Thank you!
[Tiger] You stole my thunder
out there.
[Blue Rose] Hey, I did you a favor
filling in at the last minute.
So, what happened? You
two have another lovers' quarrel?
Hm? Oh, you mean Bunny?
This time it has nothin' to do with me.
Fine. Don't tell me then.
Hey, wait. Do you have feelings for him?
No, absolutely not!
That's so cute.
[announcer] And now, the main event.
A surprise live concert by our superstar
guest, the ice queen herself, Blue Rose!
You heard him. I'm on.
Now get off my stage.
Anyway I'm sure Bunny
would've thanked you.
I didn't do it for him, dummy.
Now beat it!
-[boy] Hey, Tiger!
-Hm?
Why didn't you
kill him?
Uh, why didn't I kill who?
Those bad guys. Why didn't you take them
out when you had the chance?
It's not that simple.
Hey, I made the arrest,
doesn't that count for somethin'?
The good guys are
supposed to the kill the bad guys!
Little punk got
me in the same spot.
[sighing]
[Maverick] That charity event raised a lot
of money for a good cause. Nice work.
What?
Oh, uh--
Show some respect.
That's not how you greet our CEO.
Or have you forgotten that this is the
person who took a chance on you
when nobody
else wanted to hire you?
Oh, that's right. He did, didn't he?
Thanks a bunch. Mmm... you rock!
Were you raised
by animals?
Don't worry, Lloyds, it's fine.
I'm the one who barged into the man's
dressing room unannounced to thank him.
I was... just
doin' my job.
I also wanted to ask,
if you're busy later this evening...
Me?
Yes, I'd like to take you
somewhere special
as a sign of appreciation
for all the hard work you do.
Oh, uh... okay?
So...
This is where
you're taking me?
You're looking at a highly-concentrated
oxygen chamber
that Dr. Saito recently developed.
A prototype, anyway.
It's supposed to restore your health.
And I thought this would be a good chance
for the two of you to test it out.
The two of us?
Me and Doc Saito?
Bunny! What are
you doin' here?
I was invited. Like you.
By... Mr. Maverick?
Our young Barnaby has been exhausted
lately. He needed to take a break.
I apologize that you had to handle those
criminals without your partner today.
Oh, no problem.
Just another day at the office.
[Saito] So, how does it feel?
Your body seems lighter, doesn't it?
Like you're drifting off
to a blissful sleep!
I just got in the damn tank.
Are you getting sleepy yet? Well?
How about now? Are you sound asleep?
[grunting]
Hey, Tiger! Are you in dream-land?
Is it relaxing? Tell me!
I can't sleep
with you yelling!
[Maverick] Can you hear me, Barnaby?
I understand how frustrated you must be.
But if you give up now,
your goal will elude you.
You won't have closure.
Sir, the trouble
I've caused... I'm sorry.
Just close your eyes and rest.
You'll get another chance soon enough.
Thank you.
Good night, Barnaby.
[opera music plays]
[gasping]
I was so close.
[announcer] Calling Tiger and
Barnaby! It's showtime!
Report immediately to the abandoned
church site located in the downtown area.
I repeat, calling Tiger
and Barnaby. It's showtime!
Been waiting long?
This time it's not a show,
we've got the real deal here.
I figured.
Apparently, the cops
are gonna raid the hideout
of some crime syndicate
they've been watching.
A crime syndicate?
We're going live?
No tape delay?
It'll be a sensation.
Our ratings are gonna go through the roof!
But ma'am, this is
supposed to be a surprise operation.
Isn't airing it live
gonna tip off the criminals?
Not if we get
really creative.
Come on, let's
live a little.
-[Barnaby] Standby?
-[Tiger] Yep.
[Barnaby] Why is she making us wait?
The hideout is right down there!
[Tiger] The hell if I know. She just said
sit tight and wait for orders.
The Justice Bureau gave
us approval.
We've set up a direct
line of contact to the police.
Once the heroes are in position,
they'll all move in on my command.
At that instant, you roll the cameras,
and Hero TV goes live!
I get it. So they won't
have enough time to escape.
I gotta admit,
the audience is gonna eat it up!
Are you getting excited?
[gulping]
No.
Hello Heroes!
[Agnes] We know there are five
criminals holed up in that church.
They're heavily armed
and very dangerous.
There may also be
NEXTs, so watch out!
Just in case, the police
have set up roadblocks
and sealed all entry
points around the area.
Listen. The police have
spent months tracking down this syndicate.
You cannot let them get away.
Hero TV's reputation is at stake.
Or... to put it another way...
Do a good job and
you'll rack up a huge amount of points.
Hey, you hear that?
I bet you're happy now.
Yeah, well I guess
points aren't everything.
[Tiger] You know, if those guys in
the hideout are from Ouroboros,
that NEXT with the blue flames
might make an appearance.
He's been dropping criminals one by one.
Keepin' 'em quiet.
Almost like he's cleanin' house
for his organization. Don't you think?
[Barnaby] Hm. I'm surprised you
figured that all out on your own.
Well, Fire Emblem kinda
helped a little.
Of course he did.
Look, I get it, Bunny. I know how bad
you wanna go in and get your revenge.
But an order's an order.
[Barnaby] I don't need lessons on
professionalism from you.
And you can save the
sympathy.
[Tiger] Good talk. Good talk.
[Agnes] Right. Then we'll proceed.
Everyone's in position.
I'm going to change things up.
For this mission,
open all comm channels to the heroes.
On it.
[Agnes] The second this commercial ends,
we're on the air.
[timer beeping]
Hey, Bunny. If that NEXT does show up,
are you, uh, you know--
-[gasping]
-What?
[Rock Bison] Hey! What the hell
just happened?
[Fire Emblem] Is that who I think it is?
[Tiger] It's him!
[screaming]
He's egging us on!
[Rock Bison] Where are you going,
Kotetsu?
Where do ya think? I'm
going to save people!
[Tiger] Hey, Bunny!
We've got the hideout covered!
You go after the NEXT!
[Fire Emblem] Teach that wannabe
a lesson for me.
Whoa!
You'll never take us alive,
ya bastard!
What are you, nuts?
We're here to protect you!
We're back from commercial.
What do we do about the broadcast?
Should we call it off?
-Not a chance.
-But ma'am!
Roll cameras! I want
those ratings.
Think about it, heroes trying to
protect the very criminals
they were sent to arrest.
You can't buy drama like that.
[sighs]
[Lunatic] My fellow heroes!
I do hope you
can hear me.
Hey, who was that?
Ignore him! Just stay on task.
[Lunatic] The justice you seek is
nothing more than a hollow fallacy.
[suit] Good Luck Mode.
[grunts]
Ah!
[grunting]
[Lunatic] You call yourselves heroes, but
you can neither save nor punish anyone.
Your so-called bravery is all
in vain. Why do you even bother trying?
Come on! Uh!
[Lunatic] If you want true justice...
only I can give it to you.
What a shame. Is the
show already over?
Are you part of
Ouroboros?
Tell me!
And if I were, what would you do to me?
Catch me and rip off my suit?
Tear my body limb from limb?
Damn you!
[Lunatic] Ah, there's the answer
I expected.
I understand that the justice you
and your hero pals
believe in only takes you so far.
It's all a facade.
My name is Lunatic. And you see...
I follow my own code of justice.
[Tiger] Not today! You psycho bastard.
You call what you do justice?
Well I got another word for it... murder!
Murder? You have a
peculiar way of looking at things.
Yeah, well, your face is peculiar. What
the hell's that on your head, a glove?
So you're Wild Tiger.
I'll be sure to remember you.
Hey, get back here!
[Lunatic] Don't worry, we'll meet again.
Where there is darkness in the world,
I'll be there to snuff it out.
Damn it!
I let him get away.
Don't give up just yet, Bunny.
After all, we have a lead.
Rock Bison just called in
from the hideout.
He managed
to capture one of the criminals... alive.
[theme music]